[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
Namo the First-ranked learned Ananda.
Today,
we, the fourth pilgrimage group of
2022, Buddhist followers of the Quoc Vang Club, practicing at
Loc Hoa Pagoda, have come to
Linh Theu Mountain and today we
visit the memorial cave
of the First-ranked learned Ananda. We
share with each other about the virtue of service and protection
when the Venerable served as an
attendant to the Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully ask the
Venerable, when
we hear
about your
wisdom, we are very happy and
aspire to have a memory like yours.
Today we share with
each other, knowing that we must
have the virtue of protecting the Dharma and the virtue of serving as an attendant with gratitude
in our hearts to
achieve the same
extensive knowledge as the Venerable. We
understand the cause and effect of the
Venerable's blessings. We vow that
from
now on we will learn the
virtue of
protection and service
in all our circumstances.
We dedicate this merit to ourselves so that
we may practice the virtues of the Buddhas in the Dharma.
When one possesses the vast knowledge and wisdom of the Venerable One, it is the
preservation of the true Dharma of the
Buddhas for all sentient beings. As the
Venerable One
had the auspicious opportunity to achieve victory in the compilation of the
scriptures of the Buddha
Shakyamuni, we humbly request the Venerable One's blessings and
guidance to follow in the
Buddha's footsteps, practicing gratitude, repaying kindness, serving, and
protecting, so that we may
attain the supreme and vast knowledge
of the Venerable One. We sincerely pay homage to the Venerable One and humbly pray. [Music] We humbly request the guidance of our benevolent Father, the Buddha Shakyamuni, so that we may practice and achieve the same virtuous conduct as the Venerable One, the foremost in vast knowledge. [
Music] [
Music]
h [Music
]
K
[Music] [
Applause] he [Music] [Music] [Music
]
[Music] [Music] [Music]
h
[Music]
Dear all,
we are standing on the summit of Vulture Peak Mountain.  This
is the
Buddha's meditation chamber, where the Buddha often
preached. We hear in the
scriptures that when the Buddha preached on Mount Vulture
Peak, there were many
attendees: firstly, the holy monks;
secondly, the Bodhisattvas; then, the gods, dragons,
demons, and all the
celestial and divine beings. They came here to
listen, dear fellow practitioners. So, we
see, isn't this place small? How can everyone
stand
here? Doesn't that make you suspicious? If you don't, it's
not right, because there
are hundreds of people here. If you
brought Ba Vang Pagoda here,
about 20,000 people would come here, and you'd see
a huge crowd,
like a conference hall.
We see people standing all around, almost everywhere.
Of course, the Bodhisattvas and holy monks
don't sit near
us. These spaces are only
for humans, not for the Bodhisattvas,
holy monks, immortals, demons, and
gods.  In the realm of the dead, people don't need to
sit in the same place as we do, like
our bodies sitting in the same place.
That's why the
Buddha's voice is a sacred sound, so when
he preaches, everyone can
hear it, regardless of their capacity or species.
For example, even animals can hear his
voice; everyone can hear
his voice. It's different from
us humans because, in reality,
karma manifests itself in language. You
see, we
Vietnamese have this karma, so
we speak this language, while
Indians have this karma, so they
speak this language. That means each being has a
different kind of karma, resulting in a different language. Although their physical appearance is
similar, their languages ​​are very
different. You see,
even we live in different villages; one village
speaks one language, another village speaks a
different language. So, it must be said that
karma gives rise to language. As for the
Buddha, he encompasses all
beings; he understands all beings perfectly.  It's
all clear now, so when the Buddha
preaches, it's up to each sentient being to
understand the Dharma.
For example, let's just talk about it at
our Ba Vang Temple. When we get to know the
Master, what he says is
very easy to listen to and understand. For example, when the
monks in the South preach, the
Southern Buddhists find it very easy to understand and
listen to because of the language. It's
a little difficult for us to hear, isn't it, dear fellow
practitioners? But the Buddha has
no obstacles for any sentient being.
We, on the other hand, create obstacles for each
other. Two people standing next to each other sometimes
speak as if punching each other in the ear; one person
speaks and the other gets annoyed. Is
n't that right, dear fellow practitioners? Is it due to karma? The
Buddha has no
obstacles for any sentient being, while we create
obstacles for so many sentient beings. That's
why what we say is
difficult for others to hear. Some
people might receive it from 10 people, some from a hundred, and some from a
thousand.
Thousands of people
speak, but some people find it difficult even within their own families to
understand, right, dear fellow
practitioners? That's because of our minds. It's
not that we think like
the Buddha spoke in Indian languages,
how could animals
hear him? Because the mind is unobstructed, the
language will
communicate. Do you understand, dear practitioners?
We, as human beings, have to go to school,
we have to learn to speak, because that's
our karma. So let's dispel the
doubt about the Buddha's sacred voice.
And when he preaches here,
his voice is the same tone and
intensity for those sitting close. That's the same intensity for those
far away. It's not like
us, who can hear something near a
loudspeaker but not far away. That's the
difference, dear practitioners. Those
close to him hear it with the
same intensity, and those far away hear it with the same intensity. It's
very clear, not like
us, who have to shout when far away and
speak softly when close. It's also because our minds have obstacles.
Because of our hesitation, we don't have that
wondrous sound. But the
Buddha had no
mental obstacles towards any sentient being,
so his voice was
so wondrous, my dear nuns.
Because we are on the summit of Mount Linh Thieu, we hear
many wondrous things about the Buddha.
So here, we will share
this. We see a very beautiful
mountain, a very beautiful mountain of the assembly.
And there is another very beautiful thing: the
Buddha and his monks descending
from here to Rajagaha. When
you see them, they are able to
beg for alms.
To have that wondrous voice, we must
not be hindered. To achieve
merit, we must
not be hindered by body and mind. Is that
right, my dear friends? If the mind
and body are unhindered,
then we can achieve that. It's
not about asking "Why? Why?" And now
we are standing here, so
from now on, everyone...  When we recite the sutras,
we imagine the Buddha at Mount Gijjhakuta or Mount Vulture Peak.
We can picture it and
see the value of going to India.
Therefore, our minds will be
different when we have
something. The consciousness registers it in
a
joyful way, and it will remain from this life to
the next. So our minds will rely
on the Buddha. And why do the sutras say
that when someone hears the name of
the Buddha, their whole body is filled with
joy, their mind becomes pure?
This is also because the consciousness has already
registered it within us.
We have the five aggregates: feeling, perception, volition, and consciousness.
Therefore, consciousness is extremely
important; it is a part of creating
future beings to continue our lineage.
Therefore, when we rejoice in the Four Holy Sites
of the Buddha, our minds are filled with attachment and aspiration. The same applies
to the
Buddhas; when we hear the word "Buddha," it is
our own mind that reacts in this way, not the
Buddha Shakyamuni.  No, it won't last until the
next life. For example, when we encounter the Buddha,
our hearts naturally become joyful. Do you
understand, Venerable Ones? So why do
some lay people feel joyful when they meet the Buddha?
It's because in many lifetimes they have
offered joyful offerings and service, so
when they meet the Buddha, it naturally happens. It's
like you, dear fellow practitioners, now saying you've
met the Buddha – isn't that wonderful? That's why,
when we cultivate this consciousness, it
will last from one life to the next. But
we must achieve a single thought,
meaning we have no other thoughts besides the
Three Jewels. No other thoughts
besides respecting the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha.
Even work is still
work, business is still business,
this is still
this, that is still that, but it's a single
thought. It's like you, dear fellow
practitioners, loving your husband, loving your wife, right?
Even though you do a lot of work,
just mentioning that your husband is having an affair, your
mind naturally becomes restless, your hands and feet
tremble. That's right.  No, esteemed fellow practitioners, that is
single-minded devotion to one's husband and
wife, but how do we achieve single-
minded devotion to the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha? It's
very easy to measure whether
our minds are single-minded or not.
Consider it as if, esteemed fellow practitioners, we are constantly and
wholeheartedly relying on the Three Jewels.
That's the point of not
following heretical or false doctrines anymore, esteemed fellow practitioners.
And to achieve pure faith and
single-minded devotion, we have
something to measure: husband, wife, and children towards the
Three Jewels. By measuring this,
we will know whether, in our next life,
if we meet the Buddha, our whole body will have been
moved or not. We won't be confused
because that's our consciousness,
esteemed fellow practitioners. Just like now, if we love our
wife, husband, family, and even our children, in the
next life we ​​will be reborn
into some kind of being in the six realms of
reincarnation, and we will also get married, have
children, because our consciousness has recorded and perfected it, esteemed fellow
practitioners. Therefore,
we must understand this.  That's it, and we should
n't be deluded about ourselves. For
example, regarding the mind of the Bodhisattva, I
affirm that if I have a next life,
I will definitely be in the Three Jewels. Everything else is just a karmic connection that
allows me to appear
in this world. I affirm this myself, dear
friends, do you understand? So, each of
us shouldn't be mistaken about ourselves. We
can be mistaken about anything, but we ca
n't be mistaken about ourselves, right,
dear friends? Here,
we see all the
scenery, so
we will have more faith. Our Buddha, along
with the monks, goes
from here down to Rajagriha early in the morning to
beg for alms. Dear friends, you can
come up from down there; the road has
already been built, right?
But the Buddha and the monks
have to go down to
Rajagriha to beg for alms, so they
usually go when the sky is just beginning to get a
little light, not always
staying in the monastery. The monastery
is just...  That's just the three months of the rainy season retreat. For
the rest of the year, the Buddha and
his monks travel along both
banks of the Ganges River, spreading the
Dharma to sentient beings. The
monks practice entirely in the forest.
Nowadays, we see
Buddhist universities,
but the Buddha didn't have a
Buddhist university. The monks only
listen to a Dharma lecture, then they ask the
Buddha for
topics to contemplate, just like we
learn from dozens or hundreds of
monks. After the monks give a Dharma lecture, they give the topic of
Contemplation, and the assembly of
monks must contemplate
according to the topic the Buddha has taught. It's
like we listen to a sutra. We
contemplate for only
half an hour, but here, the
monks contemplate until they attain sainthood.
For three months a year, they gather
at the monasteries to receive further instruction and
learning. The rest of the time they travel
and spread the Dharma. That's the life of the monks.  It's like this, it's
not that the monks study too much,
dear friends, please understand. That's why
we have the opportunity to rely on the
monks at this temple and the temple is a blessing for
us.
We will see the practice
of the monks during the time of the Buddha. The monks
at our temple also
go down from the peak of Binh Huong mountain to beg for alms, which is
quite far, about the same distance as from
here to the foot of Ninh Thieu mountain,
a little further out. It's also a long journey,
but it's through forests and mountains,
not the paved roads
we travel. They climb the Noi Pass and Noi Stream, going
from one forest to another before reaching their destination.
If there wasn't this road, they would
also be climbing through one forest after another to get
down here. This
is where the Buddha also preached the
Amitabha Sutra. When we come up here,
we can truly appreciate the blessings
of those who practice asceticism, and dear friends, you must
understand that practice requires hardship. There's no such
thing as just sitting comfortably and then crossing your
legs. Sitting in meditation and becoming a
saint is impossible.  Sitting with a fan on and legs crossed, meditating to
become a saint—to achieve enlightenment through meditation, one
must also go through hardship. My esteemed fellow practitioners, only by
traveling from the mountains up to here can you truly
understand the state of your mind, right?
We travel from down there
to here, and only then can our minds awaken, only then can
we eliminate the mind that is already gone.
There are days when we are hungry, and when we go begging for alms and get nothing, we have to
return empty-handed. Returning empty-handed means that from
the day before to the next, we don't
get to eat. And if possible, we can
go begging for alms like that for four days and still not
get anything. We see that the
people have nothing; they have nothing
except the people near the Ganges River. But in
other areas, the
people don't suffer. In the Hanh Lam region, the people have no
possessions; they are very poor. Having food
is already difficult for them. Therefore, when they show respect to
the monks, they only give them
their possessions. For example, there's the
story of the village headman who even
asked to take his nephew. Because people
have nothing, they give whatever they have, they share.
That's how it is to practice.  Only then can one become a saint,
unlike us who practice a little and
then boast, "I've been practicing for decades!" We only
call it practicing diligently, so our club's practice is called
practicing diligently, and that
's correct. We should focus on what we have,
not be arrogant and think we are already diligent practitioners. We should
only practice diligently, and the Buddhist practitioners in the
Golden National Club also call it diligent practice,
not
achieving any particular Dharma.
We should come here to
see the
hardships of the Buddha and the
Sangha. From this hardship, we can see
compassion.
Obtaining the Dharma is not
easy, dear fellow practitioners. Obtaining the Three Jewels is
not easy, so sometimes
we only hear Dharma teachings on the radio or
from books,
which are too easy, leading to complacency and a
lack of diligent practice. In the past, obtaining
a single Dharma teaching was extremely difficult, so
why?  In the old days, people attained enlightenment
because they valued the Dharma. But now, we have
books, big and small, practicing several times a day,
studying countless scriptures, yet we
still don't understand, we still lack
diligence. The ancient masters only had one lesson.
If someone with our inferior capacity, like
us in this era, were given one lesson, I guarantee
they wouldn't know who the Buddha is, right,
dear fellow practitioners? In the old days, we valued the Dharma, and that's why
many became saints. We
valued scriptures and methods of
practice. Nowadays, we don't value them as much; we still
have desires, and sometimes desires cause suffering,
right, dear fellow practitioners? That's
why we can't become saints because
we don't respect and believe in the Dharma. Let me
tell you about the Mindfulness Meditation.
Mindfulness Meditation means listening to the master's Dharma teachings for a whole month. The
Dharma started with only the
30th and 14th, then it increased to the 18th. So,
the mind's reflection and mindfulness meditation
create a schedule for oneself. When going to
practice the Dharma, one must always
record the content of the 14th, and then the mind's reflection and
practice until the 30th. The content of the 30th is
then used...  That practice continues until the 14th day of the month. The content of the
14th day is then used for practice until the 14th day.
That means you must practice completely, you must practice, you must contemplate it
yourself, you must consider it as
working while remembering the Dharma. Therefore,
your mind should remember the content, not
just the words, but remember the content. When you
hear the Dharma, don't think
about others sitting next to you
talking. Only do what you are obligated to do.
Otherwise, when it's time to
listen, you must listen, then
go home, and you
must contemplate it and use it as your practice.
It's precious, Great Friend. It's not something you can take lightly.
We see here that
the Buddha and the
Sangha are compassionate. They are very compassionate. And when
we come here for a little while, we
see our Sangha so steadfast
in protecting the Three Jewels in the world,
using it to accumulate merit for us. Sometimes we
make offerings to them—500, 1 million, 5 million,
10 million—
but it's just merit for ourselves, not something else.  It's
not about the
importance of the Sangha, is it, dear fellow practitioners? Through the virtues of the monks,
that money returns to the world, is
given as alms to the world, and is used for
charitable deeds and
good works for the world. That's charity for the world.
So we must be clear
in our consciousness so that in many lifetimes
we don't get lost.
What is our consciousness? Practice requires
arduous training and asceticism on the body and control of the
mind. We only need
that knowledge. Then from the next life
onwards, when we see monks practicing in the
mountains and forests, we will be joyful and
we will be able to distinguish the true meaning of the word "
monk" that we rely on. Because we have already
affirmed it in our hearts in this lifetime,
dear fellow practitioners. Therefore, the monks
work very hard on the path of practice.
So, when each of us has
food or anything to offer,
dear fellow practitioners, please listen to the
sharing of the mind-reflecting meditation. We
are beggars to the Three Jewels. That's truly the case,
not just sometimes.  We are
arrogant about our offerings.
We offer to the Buddha and the
Sangha for whom? For all sentient beings? But when we
offer something, it's also for ourselves.
These two mindsets are very
different. One is entirely for oneself, while the
other is absolutely for all sentient beings. They are
very different. Therefore, here
we see this hardship, and
we will increase our faith
in the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha. We
will cherish the Dharma more and practice more diligently, my
dear fellow practitioners. And here, in
each of the Buddha's Dharma assemblies, the
Buddha preaches to many
Bodhisattvas, Devas,
and gods, called dragons, spirits, and demons. When
the Buddha preaches,
all these beings are everywhere.
Because these beings are everywhere,
and the Buddha's voice is the sacred sound,
everyone hears it, and each
being hears it according to
their own understanding of the meaning. It's
not like we're using a loudspeaker and
only hearing a little bit. The voice...
The Buddha is the
[musical] sound
I
[musical]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni
We respectfully address our Benevolent Father.
Today, the fifth pilgrimage group
in our program to the Buddha's realm, visiting the four
holy sites, visiting the places where the
Buddha and the Sangha practiced
in
India, we are now present on the summit of Vulture
Peak Mountain, in the Buddha's meditation chamber,
where our Benevolent Father
and the
venerable ones practiced.  And here, our father stood,
preaching the scriptures that he left for
us to
study. Today, here,
we
witness firsthand the journey from the
mountaintop to the distant
Rajagriha. We share
with each other the hardships our
father and the monks endure daily, descending from Mount
Ningjiu to Rajagriha to beg for alms. We express our gratitude for the
boundless compassion of the
Buddha and the venerable monks. We
repent for our laxity and for not truly showing reverence
to the Dharma. We have not truly
seen the Dharma as an
immeasurable treasure,
nor have we seen the Dharma built
upon the countless hardships, the blood, and
sacrifices of the Buddha, the endurance, and the
suffering of the venerable monks.
We live in daily comfort,
indulging in the five desires,
practicing the Buddha's teachings
without realizing that to have the
Dharma in
this world, the Buddha truly
sacrificed his body, and the venerable monks truly
sacrificed their efforts. Today, we sincerely repent.
Sometimes, as
Buddhists, we offer alms to the Three Jewels.
A little money, a little material offerings, and we give rise to self-
satisfaction. We might think of ourselves as the benefactors, the givers, while the monks are the recipients, indebted to us.
Today, if any of us have
such thoughts, we sincerely repent before the
venerable image of the Buddha at the
shrine on Mount Ninh Thieu. We sincerely repent.
We realize that being
accepted by the Buddha and the monks, receiving
our food and money, is a
blessing for
us, a good opportunity for
us to attain wisdom and enlightenment.
This small offering
has already brought us blessings and even the opportunity
to become saints and Buddhas.
Yet, we are foolish and unaware.
We sincerely repent today, here, and here. We encourage each other and engrave
in our hearts that practicing compassion requires hardship, that compassion
requires difficulty and toil,
and that we should rejoice in the ignorance and
naivety of ourselves and all sentient beings.
Venerable Buddha...
Sometimes, the monks receive offerings and pure money from
our arrogant and ignorant hearts, yet their hearts remain joyful.
We think that at that time, they will pray
for our early enlightenment, for us to recognize the
defilements in our
hearts. We think this way, and we
believe it to be true, so only today have
we realized
this. We sincerely repent and
vow that from now on, towards the Three Jewels,
we
will achieve pure faith, with a pure heart of offering,
with a heart of offering enlightened,
clearly understanding the compassion of the Buddha, the
compassion of the monks who, out of pity for us, accept our offerings. We
respectfully pray that the Buddha will bear witness to
our devotion and continue to guide and support
us, and all the Buddhists
in our Golden Nation Club practicing the Six Harmonies, to attain
enlightenment, achieve pure faith in the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, and diligently strive
from this life to
countless eons to come, until the day of attaining
Supreme Enlightenment. We ask the
Buddha, out of compassion, to bear witness to our devotion and guide us.
We also ask all the
venerable ones to support us.  The majestic power of the Buddha
guides us, and the Six Harmonious Practices
that we aspire to cultivate are
proclaimed and benefit all sentient beings.
We know that in our hearts there is still
much greed and attachment, but we also
yearn to practice the Buddha's teachings.
Under the guidance and instruction
of his disciple, Venerable Thich Truc
Thai Minh, we also practice the Six Harmonious Practices. We
humbly beseech the Buddha to protect and support us, enabling
us to practice the Dharma and
for the Dharma's power to benefit the
world. We also pray
that the Dharma may be fully manifested throughout the five
continents, benefiting countless sentient beings
as we have, forever and ever. We humbly
beseech the
Buddha to bear witness to us. [
Music]
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully beseech
our benevolent Father, Buddha Shakyamuni, who
today comes to this place, the Vulture Peak,
where the Buddha resided and
preached the Dharma to the Bodhisattvas.  The Venerable Sangha, the
Devas and humans, and all
beings here have bestowed the extremely precious Lotus Sutra,
along with
countless teachings of the Buddha, upon
us, and we, too, have been blessed by
this karmic connection to attain enlightenment in the Buddha's
Dharma. Today, we come here to pay
homage to the Buddha, to visit the place where
he resided and preached. We also
pray that, through this karmic connection,
we may always encounter the
true Dharma of the Buddha for eternity. And on the path to
Supreme Enlightenment, we will be
close to countless Buddhas to offer homage, to receive
offerings, and to
be asked for the Dharma. We also pray that
our benevolent Father, Shakyamuni Buddha, and all the Buddhas will protect and guide
us so that we may diligently pursue the
path to Supreme Enlightenment.
Today, we also meet virtuous
people, good people, and
those with karmic connections who are here to
tend and clean the Perfume River and the meditation retreat where the
Buddha resided on this sacred mountain.
We also sincerely praise the karmic connections and
blessings
of these people before the Buddha.  These
virtuous men and women, we also vow to cultivate and dedicate our merits to forming
Dharma connections with
all these virtuous men and women. Together, for countless
lifetimes to come, we will diligently strive
on the path to the
path of impermanence. We also offer a small amount of our
wealth as a donation to the Buddhas of the
ten directions. We
also pray
that these virtuous men and women
may use this small amount of pure wealth as they see fit, so that they may
live
long lives and pass it on to their disciples in this sacred place. We
pray that this sacred site may remain in
the world for a long time without being destroyed, so that sentient beings may have a
place to rely on, to have pure faith
in the Buddha, in the Dharma, and in us.
Today, we have come here to respectfully
bow and recite the teachings that the Buddha has
given us, so that we may all be encouraged together
under the power of the Three Jewels and the
protection of the Buddha. Our teacher, Venerable
Thich Chuc Thai Ninh, and the monastic community of
Ba Vang Pagoda, in place of the Buddha, will transmit the
Buddha's teachings to us so that
we may practice and learn. Namo eternal.
We respectfully bow to the Bodhisattva Na Tat, and we humbly pray to the Venerable Buddha, the Buddha of the Ten Directions, the
Venerable Dharma, the Virtuous and Pure Sangha, the
ever-present Three Jewels, and we respectfully bow to the Lord of the Saha World, the Supreme
Teacher, the
Future Buddha, the Maitreya Buddha, the Great Bodhisattva
Manjushri, the Bodhisattva Samantabhadra, the Guardian
Bodhisattva, the Supreme Buddha of the Vulture Peak, and the Bodhisattvas of the Vulture Peak. We respectfully bow to the Lord of the Western Pure Land, the Great Compassionate Amitabha
Buddha, the Great
Compassionate Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, the Great Bodhisattva Mahasthamaprapta, the Great Vow Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha, and the Pure Great
Ocean Bell Bodhisattva. We respectfully bow to the Lord of the Western Pure Land, the Medicine
Buddha, the Lapis Lazuli
Light King Buddha, the
Sun-Light Bodhisattva, the Moon-Light Bodhisattva, the Holy
and Pure Great One Bodhisattva. We
respectfully bow to the Buddha Shakyamuni.
In the Linh Son assembly,
we humbly present our petition, standing before the Buddha, to
witness and support
us so that we may diligently strive to achieve
this aspiration and attain Supreme Enlightenment. We humbly petition the
Buddha Shakyamuni to witness our petition. The sutra of
visiting sacred sites that I
heard goes like this: Once upon a time, the Buddha, along with a large assembly of
1200 monks, resided on Mount Ky Xa, in the
sacred La Duyet area. At that time, An,
revealing his right shoulder, knelt and touched the ground, addressing the
Buddha, saying, "Venerable Lord, today, the monks from
all over, including those of the
highest rank, including the Kṣitigarbha, the Buddha, and those who understand the Sutras and Vinaya,
often come to pay their respects to the Buddha. Because of this, I have been able to
ask him questions. But after the Buddha's
passing, they no longer come. How can I
have the opportunity to meet and ask him questions?" The Buddha replied, "An, do
not worry, disciples.
There are four places to remember.
First, remember the place where the Buddha was born; remembering it without forgetting gives rise to feelings of
attachment. Second, remember the place where the
Buddha attained enlightenment;
remembering it without forgetting gives rise to feelings of attachment. Third,
remember the place where the Buddha transmitted the
Dharma wheel."  For the first time,
I wish to see this, remembering it without forgetting, giving rise to the
Fourfold Path of Recitation. Remembering the place where the Buddha entered Nirvana, I
rejoiced and remembered it without forgetting,
giving rise to this recitation. Ananda, after I
enter Nirvana, everyone should remember the
Buddha's birth, the merits of the world, the
special path of the Buddha, the divine powers, the
transformations of the Buddha, the last
wishes of the Buddha before his passing. Everyone
should go to those four places, after paying
homage, building temples and stupas, then after
death, they will all be reborn in the heavenly realms. Waiting for those who have attained
enlightenment, Ananda, after I
pass away, there will be those who come seeking the Path.
Accept them, ordain them, and receive the full precepts. Do
not delay. Even those who
practice the teachings of the Dharma, those who seek the Path,
accept them, ordain them, and receive the full precepts. Do not let them go
through the four-month trial.
Why? Because those people already have
other learned doctrines. If they delay,
their previous erroneous understanding
will have the opportunity to reappear. I respectfully bow to the Tathagata, the
Righteous and Enlightened One, who performs
virtuous deeds and understands the
world.  The Supreme Being, the Master of
Heaven and Man, the Buddha, the World Honored One, respectfully bows to
you. Every single one of your teachings is for the
benefit of sentient beings, even your teachings on the Four
Holy Sites. You teach
us meticulously, so as not to lead
us astray into delusion, not to let us
stray from the true Dharma. You teach us to remember the
four holy sites: to remember the place where the
Buddha was born, to remember without forgetting, to cultivate a feeling of
attachment; to remember the place where the Buddha first attained enlightenment, to
remember without forgetting, to cultivate a
feeling of attachment; to
remember that the Buddha existed in this
world, that the Buddha was born in this world, that the Buddha
also attained enlightenment in this world, to tell us
that if we are born in this world and practice, we will attain enlightenment in
this very life. We vow to remember.
[Music]
remember. Thirdly, remember the place where the Buddha first turned the Wheel of
Dharma, to remember with joy, to
remember without forgetting, to cultivate a feeling of attachment. The
Buddha teaches us to remember
that when we remember the
Buddha's birth and enlightenment, we must remember
his teachings, the first sermon
he preached, and the
first sermon that
spoke of the
truth of this life: suffering and its causes.  The source of
suffering is craving; the place where suffering
ends, where there is absolute peace and joy, is
Nirvana. The way to
eliminate suffering, the way to eradicate the root causes of suffering, is the Noble Eightfold
Path. This is the
path that every human being,
every living being, practices.
Every living being who practices these eight principles will
achieve
enlightenment in this very life. Those born into this
world who remember the Buddha's teachings will achieve
sainthood and liberation in
this very life. The Buddha also taught us to
remember the place where he entered
Nirvana, to rejoice and remember it, to remember it without forgetting, and to not give
rise to attachment.
When remembering the Buddha's entry into Nirvana, we
must remember his last will and testament,
remember that even though he is no longer in this world,
his precepts and teachings have been proclaimed
as a teacher guiding sentient beings.
His righteous teachings have been proclaimed as a lamp to
guide and illuminate the minds of sentient beings
so that they may practice the Noble Eightfold
Path and directly advance to absolute happiness and peace in
Nirvana. Today, at Mount Ninh
Thieu, we remember and practice the
Buddha's teachings. When we visit the Four Noble Ones,
we pray to our
benevolent Father,
Shakyamuni Buddha.  We humbly request your guidance and support
on the Noble Eightfold Path
to achieve liberation and
enlightenment. Currently, we are lay practitioners
practicing the
Bodhisattva vow of cultivating Bodhicitta, protecting the Three Jewels, and
spreading the Dharma throughout the world.
We humbly request your continued guidance and the
bestowal of this practice upon
us. Due to the negative karma accumulated over
many lifetimes, we
encounter
many obstacles in this life as we practice
this vow. We are
fortunate to have the opportunity to learn the Buddha's teachings
from our teacher, Thich Truc Thai Minh,
and the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda. We have accumulated merit and blessings through the practice of
asceticism with sincere faith and devotion to the Dharma. We earnestly
request the protection of our compassionate Father,
Shakyamuni Buddha, so that we may
practice the Bodhisattva vow, uphold the
Three Jewels, and accumulate merit,
so that we may be blessed with abundant blessings and
witness the appearance of holy monks in this
world. We earnestly and sincerely implore you, our
compassionate Father.  We humbly
request the power of the Three Jewels and the
blessings of our
benevolent Father. We respectfully invite all
celestial beings, deities, and all beings who
have awakened the Bodhi Mind, along with
all beings
in the spiritual realm, to rely on the power
of the Buddha, to form Dharma companionship with us, and
together assist
each other in practicing meritorious deeds
according to the Buddha's teachings, so that we may
attain happiness and liberation, and bring enlightenment and
diligence to sentient beings. Whatever merit we cultivate, we dedicate it to Supreme Enlightenment, dedicating it to generating karmic connections for future lives, so that we may
abide in the Bodhi Mind,
practicing the Bodhi virtues
guided by the Buddhas. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. The sutra
we have just recited was
preached by the Buddha
here. With our yearning for
practice, seeking liberation, and
yearning for the attainment of Supreme Enlightenment,
we greatly desire the
teachings of the
Buddha. During our visit to the four
sacred sites
of the
Buddha, we have further experienced this profound devotion.  The
compassion of our esteemed Father, the Buddha
Shakyamuni, who was
born here, in this land where the
people are spiritually inclined,
almost the entire population. The
Buddhist scriptures
describe the people
here as having long-lasting karmic consequences, a
testament to the enduring presence of the Dharma in this
world. Even the
lowest class
still
exists here. When we come here and witness
this,
we
see the great compassion of the
Buddha, a
prince who renounced everything and immersed himself
in
life with the poor, equal
to the lowest classes.
His compassion is
truly supreme and inconceivable. We long to
possess
this compassion; we deeply
desire it in our hearts.
[Music]
In our emotions, in
our feelings, to
understand
all suffering. We
wish to be with all, to feel all.
Only by feeling all can we be
compassionate; only by feeling all can we be
diligent. Therefore, we
deeply hope to have this profound understanding.  We
feel
distressed because we haven't yet fully experienced emotions.
We pray to the Buddha to bless us so that we
may have complete compassion,
love, and
equality, and achieve the highest form of giving. We
earnestly hope that the
Buddha will have mercy on us and
guide us so that we may
have compassion. We are deeply distressed
when others
suffer, as we haven't yet felt the
true suffering. We are very distressed because of this.
We hope the Buddha will help
us to hear, to
love, to share, and to sacrifice
ourselves as the Buddha sacrificed himself for all beings. We
yearn for
this, we yearn for it so much. We
hope the Buddha, out of compassion, will
guide us on the path the
Buddha walked, to practice what the
Buddha practiced, so that we may
revere
all beings as we revere
our parents, and love all beings
as we love
ourselves. We earnestly pray that the
Buddha will bless us so that we
may cultivate the Dharma to achieve
this. Today, we earnestly pray above...
This assembly, in this sacred place, respectfully
requests the Venerable Buddha's guidance on Mount Vulture Peak, the
place where the Buddha has encouraged the
Bodhisattva path for all Bodhisattvas, holy
Sangha, and all beings. The Buddha has
encouraged this path for countless lifetimes, encouraging sentient beings to develop the Bodhi
mind. I pray that the
Buddha will encourage me and all sentient
beings to abide in the
original mind. Regardless of physical form or
other circumstances, I only seek the Dharma.
I ask the Buddha to bear witness and
guide us. We vow that
whatever merit we accumulate, we will dedicate it to the Dharma, so that
within the true Dharma, conditions may arise for
us to
practice the Bodhisattva path,
benefiting sentient beings. We
pray that the true Dharma of the Buddha will
endure for a long time in the
world. We pray that the holy beings will appear
in the world to teach the Dharma of the Buddha, to
transmit the Buddha's teachings to
sentient beings. I also vow that in every lifetime,
wherever I am, I will witness the assembly of
those who have developed the Bodhi mind, practicing the
Bodhi path to preserve the Dharma and ensure its
longevity in the
world, benefiting humans and celestial beings, and relieving the
suffering of sentient beings.  We humbly pray and
dedicate our merits, following the words of our master, the Venerable Thich
Chuc The Minh, that the
monks, nuns, and Buddhist followers of Ba Van Pagoda may
practice the Bodhisattva path and seek supreme enlightenment,
so that the true Dharma may endure in the world, spreading
throughout the five continents and benefiting all beings and gods. Following
our master's words, we
humbly
request that here, on this land of Ninh Thien, we may
achieve enlightenment.
[Music]
We respectfully ask the Buddha to
witness and bless the Buddhist followers so that their good deeds may
soon be accomplished,
facilitating their diligent progress on the path to
Supreme Enlightenment.
[Music]
We respectfully ask the Buddha to witness and bless us. [Music]
We respectfully ask the Buddha to witness and bless us. [Music] We respectfully ask the
Buddha to guide us. Even though
we are subject to karmic forces,
we
wholeheartedly pray and offer our
merits of praise,
veneration, and all the merits we have
created.  We also pray to dedicate our merits to Supreme Enlightenment,
and we pray to be supported by the Buddhas,
Bodhisattvas, holy Sangha, deities, gods, and all other
assemblies, so that we may diligently strive and abide
in the Bodhi mind until
the day we attain the supreme
enlightenment.
We also pray for
protection in this lifetime so
that we may practice the Six
Harmonious Principles, so that the true
Dharma may be proclaimed, so that the holy fruit
may appear in the
world. We also pray that a saint may soon
appear in the world to continue the teachings of the Buddha,
guiding us. We respectfully
ask the Buddha to bear
witness to
our prayers, and we also hope that
we may practice the
Bodhisattva path, spreading the
Buddha Dharma throughout the world in our time.
In our vow,
to be the support for many lifetimes, so that
we may walk on the Bodhi path,
standing before our benevolent Father, our original teacher. We
respectfully ask the Buddha to bear witness to our prayers.  The ceremony is
over. In our prayers, the
Patriarchs have composed very noble words of reverence for us.
Dear fellow practitioners, in this
reverence, we have everything we need.
Today, as we revere and stand here, do
you all see that
in our hearts, there is a
genuine faith that has appeared?
Before, we also believed, we
knew we believed, but
this feeling, this feeling, has
transcended, meaning we have
increased our faith, haven't we, dear fellow
practitioners? That is the value of
our journey. It is truly
so. And respectfully, dear fellow practitioners,
when the Buddha was here, and the mother of King
Ajatashatru and King Bimbisara were present...  When she was
imprisoned, the Buddha
was there and knew about it, and he
preached to Queen Vaidehi
about the Western Pure Land.
Later, when we pass by, I don't
know if we'll be able to go past the
prison. If we do, the
students will probably show
us a performance. From there, he preached
down. So, here, the Han-guan mantra is
also shared with the congregation like this:
some people reject the
Western Pure Land, but we
should never reject it. The
Western Pure Land is real, not illusory.
The Buddha preached down to Queen
Vaidehi, but we want to
practice the Bodhisattva path here, we want to
achieve Supreme Enlightenment, so that
we can benefit many
sentient beings. We don't want to go
to the Western Pure Land alone in peace.
Our club is like that, it's not that the
Western Pure Land doesn't exist, okay,
dear monks? When
people slander...  Regarding the Western Pure Land,
even if the mind of the Han people is too focused, it's not necessarily
slander. That is, the teachers talk too much
about the Western Pure Land not existing, but the
mind of the Han people is very happy. For example, on
that day, while reciting the Lotus Sutra, the
mind of the Han people saw it.
That is, while reciting, they saw it. Therefore,
no one can slander the Buddha's realm, the
Amitabha Buddha's realm, and we must believe that the
Western Pure Land exists. Do you understand, dear fellow
practitioners? We must not slander it!
Slander is a karmic obstacle. It's not
about slander, but there are some methods of
practice to reach the Western Pure Land
that some people talk about that aren't accurate,
causing practitioners to not know the right path
to reach it. Dear fellow
practitioners, we see that the suffering
of those who practice is immense. That's
why when we make offerings
to support them, the merit is so great.
They
practice for the happiness of sentient beings,
while we, from morning till night,
before knowing the Buddha's teachings, only think
of our own benefit.  But how
much evil karma do we create, dear fellow practitioners? Do you
agree? Now we are just
learning a little about Buddhism, we are just
learning a little each day, we are just beginning to let go
a little, we are just dedicating a
little of our time to helping
others, just as we are using
means of transportation,
not with the protection of the five great desires, with
fancy cars and all the food and drink, so
abundant, right? But this
is
also a very good and auspicious beginning
for our future lives, so that we may
be diligent. We also
vow that we will diligently
practice the ascetic life as the Buddhas and
Saints have practiced, dear fellow
practitioners. We respectfully present to the Tathagata, the Perfectly Enlightened One, the Perfectly
Enlightened One, the
World-Knowing One, the Supreme Being, the Controller, the
Heavenly Teacher, the
World-Knowing Buddha. Today, we stand on the
summit of Mount Vulture Peak, and we have
shared the arduous and difficult path of cultivation.
If we are here, who does not
harbor fear? Who harbors joy?  We
joyfully pray that we may soon
walk this path, soon achieve
what the saints have achieved, soon
achieve what the Buddha has
achieved. We humbly offer our prayers and ask for your
blessings. Namo, the ever-protecting
Bodhisattva. The Bodhisattva Mahasattva will take off
this sock and see if there is anything inside my foot.
The story is very
interesting. The story just happened, and
there wasn't a single thing, dear fellow practitioners.
Right? There wasn't a single thing
in this sock, nothing at all. The mind of the Lord will
tell the
story. Dear assembly, the mind of
the Lord is that in my heart I am
not at
ease, not at peace.
Because I haven't
truly experienced the
genuine and clear understanding
of those who suffer. I have not yet truly
felt the suffering
of
others through reason, more so through enlightenment, more so through contemplation, more so through the aspiration to empathize
with the
suffering of others to strive for improvement. But the Lord's mind
knows
that it must have something
clearer
than that.  I am practicing, and I
can see someone suffering. When I first begin my meditation,
I see the suffering, the intense suffering,
but it's not
clear. This is something I will explain to you, fellow
practitioners. For example, when you
experience pain, you feel it, right?
But others also experience the
same pain. You might think it's
unclear, right? People
have
pain, and those with kind
hearts and compassion can
serve and help others to the best of their ability to
alleviate their pain. For example, I, with a kind heart
and compassion, have cared for the sick.
I know they are in pain, they are in
great pain, and I do everything I
can to ease their suffering.
But it's not the same feeling as if
I'm experiencing the
pain myself. There are others who are
indifferent; they don't care
about the pain. This is something I, with my compassionate
heart, find very difficult to understand.
Therefore, today I, with my compassionate heart, am
speaking out, and in my mind,
I believe that the Buddha...  It's clear,
absolutely clear,
that when the Buddha practiced great compassion, he saw the
suffering of sentient beings, and he saw it with
equal understanding and insight through all his
senses. We, on the other hand, can only perceive it through our senses,
through our eyes and minds.
And emotions only perceive it to a certain extent,
not through all our
senses like when the Buddha practiced the
Bodhisattva path. Only when we perceive the
suffering of sentient beings with all our senses can
we
truly enter the stream of
unwavering diligence,
entering the
realm of
Bodhisattvas—unwavering diligence, constant diligence, and the understanding of all things. I yearn for this, and today, here, with a clear mind, I contemplate the Buddha. When the clear mind finishes contemplating the Buddha, at this point in my mind,
I feel
a creature with many legs
crawling between my big toe
and my second toe.
As it crawls in, I have an
imagination because its crawling
resembles a killing creature, so I imagine it's a killing creature,
and it begins to bite.
At that moment, a fleeting thought crossed my mind,
and I realized I had a slight
feeling of fear—fear of it biting me, that it
was inside
my leg and biting me, unable to get rid of it. It wasn't
fear of death, mind you. It was
n't fear of death. Then,
when my mind began to
observe, I was already paying homage to the Buddha.
While paying homage to the
Buddha, I began to observe,
and my mind focused on the contemplation, thinking—no,
not thinking, but the truth. This was
n't something I
realized on my own, but something the
Buddha taught me.
To attain this
state, the mind of the Lord is still contemplating,
and with all things, there is no longer any
feeling of fear. Only then can I
reach that point. That's
why the Buddha, through countless eons of practice,
had to dedicate himself to overcome
fear. He had to be truly diligent, and right here, the mind of the Lord clearly understood his path, knowing where this would lead. Only by eliminating all
fear could he practice great
compassion and enter into the path of pure diligence.
One of the
eighteen non-common practices of the Buddhas
here has been realized.
This is a rare opportunity,
therefore the Buddha always protects those
who are
diligent, always guides us, we are
never left alone. We only fear that we are
greedy, lazy, and attached to the ego. But if
we are not greedy and are determined to walk
this path, not lazy, diligent, and
eliminate the ego,
then the Buddhas will not abandon
us, we will not be left alone. We always have the
Buddha by our side, guiding us. This is just
one lesson, and today, with a
mind focused on contemplation, we will practice until
the day we achieve diligence and not become a
monk.
This is a miracle at the place where the
Buddha preached the Dharma on Mount Vulture Peak. I am
very pleased, dear fellow
practitioners. If there were no assembly, there would be no
opportunity
today, right, dear fellow practitioners?
We are all connected by this opportunity, and I
hope you all
appreciate this so that you may
have such opportunities in the future. I
don't know yet if I can praise it myself, but...  We must
praise the virtuous and enlightened beings, just like the
Buddha. We don't yet know how
beneficial the Four Holy Sites are. They must be written
into scriptures so that we may know and
follow them, right? We are
also eager for this; if this miraculous event comes
to the mind of Lord Han, and Lord
Han doesn't acknowledge the eightfold path of enlightenment, then it's
not in accordance with the Bodhi mind, because it doesn't
benefit from it. If such a benefit is achieved but
Lord Han doesn't speak of it, then it's not the mind that follows the Buddha's teachings, right? So let's
all praise this virtuous and enlightened being so that
everyone may benefit. [Music] Dear assembly, in the scripture, it is clearly stated that the cause and effect of this scripture is that it was asked on this Mount Kīṭa-kī ...
Wherever the Buddha was, the elders
would go there. So, when
people came to the Buddha, they would
ask the Buddha questions, and then ask the elders.
The Buddha said that sentient beings have four places to
remember the Buddha's birthplace. The Buddha's birth had
such merits. We see that the
Buddha's merits stemmed from countless
eons of practicing the paramitas. He had seven
steps, lotuses bloomed at his feet, a white canopy
covered his head, and he turned towards the direction of the Buddha, creating a field of
merit. But there is
another special thing here: the Buddha said that one must go
to these four places, and after going there, one
must also develop a feeling of attachment. Respectfully,
dear fellow practitioners, the mind that
first goes there does not give rise to attachment; it
only shows reverence. Is
n't that right, everyone? You haven't yet seen the mind that gives rise to
attachment. Therefore, when the mind is focused on contemplation and
attachment arises, then we
see that these two states of mind are different. The
sutra has meaning, it's
not just what the Buddha said
without meaning. It's just that we haven't
reached that point in our practice yet.  If you don't understand,
then your cultivation has
n't reached the point where you haven't fully grasped the Dharma. You, dear fellow practitioners, are
joyful and eager to see it, but that's
when we're at home, we haven't arrived yet.
This is the first step, the Heart-Mind Contemplation, explaining it
to you, dear fellow practitioners.
Remembering the place where the Buddha entered Nirvana, the joy and desire to
see it—that's four places. The joy and desire to
see it—is when we're at home,
we haven't arrived yet. Secondly,
remembering and not forgetting—that's when we arrive,
we remember, right?
But there's also the third step: developing
attachment. That's the difficult part. A person who
arrives once doesn't develop attachment. I do
n't know about you fellow practitioners, but the
Heart-Mind Contemplation, the first time,
doesn't develop attachment. During the Heart-Mind Contemplation,
going with the master, I
wondered about this in my heart. Then I went a
second time, and I felt like I had already
entered the first time, already bowed, and the
second time, I entered again and
bowed, but my mind wasn't any better than the
first time; it was the same.
How could I go?  Together with the group, I saw the
master radiating an energy
that I don't know how to describe.
It's like seeing the master and feeling joyful, like being a
first-time visitor. The
first time I was with the
master, I felt the same energy; the second time, the third time,
and this year, when I went to the Lord's
Enlightenment, I realized that this was the feeling of
attachment, a higher level of consciousness,
because now I have this feeling. So,
dear fellow practitioners, don't
say that coming once, going once, for
things we don't have money for,
we don't have the means to do that, that
's our karma. That's our karma;
we don't understand anything and go to
sacred places, that's karma, we come and don't gain
much benefit, just coming and
going without much benefit. If you,
dear fellow practitioners, don't feel joy and a desire to come,
don't remember, don't forget, don't feel
attachment, then you don't gain any benefit. It's
as if we come to
some land without a heart, like those other people.
Just selling things, you guys don't
know anything, so the blessings lie in the
enlightened mind, dear fellow practitioners.
Why did we come here? We want to
witness our compassionate Father,
the great wise and merciful one,
appearing in this world for the benefit
of all sentient beings. How was He born,
where was He born? How did He attain enlightenment,
what power did He possess, what merits did He accumulate? How did
He turn the Wheel of Dharma, where was He born? And how did
He enter Nirvana, where was He born? Only we, as
disciples of the Buddha,
would wish to come to that place. Dear fellow
practitioners, remember this and don't forget. That is, when
we think of the Buddha,
we remember the four sacred sites
we visited, right? Only
those who have been there can remember. Watching
movies and pictures won't help you remember, right,
dear fellow practitioners? So, without merit,
how can we reap the rewards?
We must come here to remember and not
forget. Watching online, we just
watch and forget. And what about
when we...  We go like this, we receive the
Dharma like this, we
share this, it will deeply permeate
our hearts, won't it, dear fellow practitioners?
That's why the merit is different. The merit of
generating attachment
is very difficult on the first trip, dear fellow practitioners. That
's why the Master taught it sequentially,
a few times, and naturally,
attachment arises. It's not that I have to figure out
how to
generate attachment. It has to be the same, dear practitioners. The initial merit comes from the joyful heart, the desire to come, and then remembering it—it naturally creates the attachment. So
we have those who, firstly, those
who know nothing and go there, don't
benefit. Secondly, those who lack the
economic means to come—that's also an
indicator of merit, isn't it, dear fellow practitioners?
For example, a Buddhist who is happy
to come but cannot, to
remember it. We come here, we
remember it little by little,
not without it, dear fellow practitioners. Only then will we
know what the
feeling of meditation is like there. What is it?
Offering flowers there... What does it mean to make offerings
there? Only with the help of our esteemed fellow practitioners can we
remember it. Looking at pictures alone wo
n't register it in
our consciousness; it won't be imprinted. We remember that
form, sensation, perception, and the establishment of a
being, hence the name "selfless being."
So, consciousness changes, meaning the
being changes. That is, when a person comes
here, consciousness changes. Therefore, there is the
cause of birth in the heavenly realm. Do you understand, esteemed fellow practitioners? We
must practice to
remember it. Therefore, we must completely abandon worldly desires to be able to
penetrate the Dharma of a
monastic. If the mind is still directed towards
worldly desires, then hearing it is like a
duck hearing thunder. Because without
practice, it won't deeply penetrate, esteemed fellow
practitioners. So, after going a few times, the
mind will truly be focused on contemplation. After three times, on the fourth time,
beginning our journey,
we begin to feel attachment and longing. And
now, naturally, the mind is constant,
unchanging, and it is confirmed by our feelings,
esteemed fellow practitioners. It is confirmed by
feeling.  For example, when you, dear fellow practitioners, love
your children, you affirm it through
feelings. Is that right? Then, when the mind
focuses on the Four Sacred Sites,
it creates a similar affirmation. It's
like when you, dear practitioners, miss
your children and grandchildren; you feel warmth because of them. That's what we
call generating feelings of attachment. The mind then
focuses on this, and that warmth is there. It's like
that. Dear fellow practitioners,
to generate feelings of
attachment, we must have
all the necessary conditions. First, we must have the right conditions.
These conditions must include,
for example, financial resources, good health,
and someone to guide us. That guide
must be able to explain things to us, to help us
understand and penetrate deeply.
If we have someone to guide us,
but they only allow us to admire the scenery, that
's not enough; it won't generate the right feelings.
How
can we generate the right feelings? We need
someone to guide us, someone who is enlightened and capable.
We must
have a sense of attachment before people can inspire
us; that's called heart-to-
heart transmission, isn't it, dear fellow practitioners? So,
if today, I, the Venerable Master, hadn't
shared this with you, dear fellow
practitioners, you should have examined your own hearts. Your hearts
would be different, wouldn't they? Completely different.
For example, you might
visit the Nirvana Temple, but if you don't have the
Venerable Master's heart, you won't
have that kind of heart. It's very difficult to generate that
attachment, isn't it, dear fellow practitioners?
Therefore, only those who are
firstly healthy, secondly blessed from
past lives, and thirdly financially secure in this life—that's how it is.
Why do I
share this with all fellow practitioners?
From the time I, the Venerable Master, first learned and
established the first Dharma center in 2007, the Dharma center from the heart—I
have said that when
we see rich people, we
must show respect, respect for the good deeds
they did in their past lives, while we
were poor in our past lives.  Even when stealing CP (Community-Based Credit) is a
good deed, don't be
envious of the rich. The
rich must behave like the rich;
how can the rich
behave like the poor? For example, if you,
dear fellow practitioners, were to sit on the
roadside like you did when you came up, would
you? Have you seen those
who are less fortunate
sitting on the roadside, praying for the heavens to be
calm for you?
Would you sit there? That's
not your place.
Therefore, those with good fortune have their place, and those with
less good fortune have theirs. We
shouldn't look down on each other, but
places are simply where they are, aren't they? Those who are skilled have
different positions, those who are less skilled have different positions.
All these positions are determined by karmic merit, aren't they? The
only thing is to practice Buddhism so you
don't look down on each other, but absolutely,
one person's place is not another's.
For example, our Buddha,
he renounced his kingship and went down there;
he chose it, he wasn't forced to go down.
His place is the place he chose.
He can choose whatever he likes; if he wants to be
king, he can choose; if he wants to
be a hermit, he can choose. But what about people like us?
If we want to be king, can we even choose? We'll be captured, or perhaps sent to a mental asylum. Surely, we'll be sent to a mental asylum, right? If we insist on becoming king now, would
n't
our family send us to a mental asylum? Our prince, on the other hand, can be king if he wants, a
general if he wants, a
farmer if he wants, or a mendicant if he wants.
Those with good
fortune can choose, while those
without good fortune can only choose
places lower than themselves, right?
But those who are completely unfortunate
have no choice at all. For example, the
lowest caste in India, the
Chandalas and Shudras—they can't
choose anything else,
do you see? Therefore, what we have is a
matter of karma and blessings. That's all for
today.  We
share this with each other, and we
also praise ourselves for
having, after all, sufficient
karmic merit to be able to visit the Four Holy Sites
of the Buddha.  People have joyful hearts and
want to go there. Here, we
have a heart that remembers and doesn't forget, and if we
develop attachment, we should pray to the Buddha for protection.
If there is an opportunity, we will go. Or
how to go home, just think in a way that
makes the attachment come out,
dear fellow practitioners
[music]. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to the Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Today, we are here, in the
cave of the great ascetic
Mahakasyapa
on Mount Ningzhi. We ask the Buddha to
witness and bless us, and to support, bless, and
encourage us so that we may
practice the ascetic path
in the near future on the path to the path of impermanence.
We hear the Buddha praising the ascetic path,
whoever praises the ascetic path is praising the Tathagata,
whoever slanders the ascetic path is slandering the Tathagata.
We
also
hear in the sutra that the Buddha
witnessed and slandered Kasyapa, saying that in
the Age of
Decline, sentient beings...  If one thinks that the
previous elders practiced the ascetic practice of
wearing powdered robes and
eating alms food, and that the
previous elders praised the ascetic practice of wearing powdered robes and
eating alms food, then
any being who praises it in this way
will have a pure mind and will
also benefit from this, attaining peace,
happiness, and joy. Now we yearn for the
Dharma, we yearn for merit,
we respectfully bow to you, great master, and we humbly beseech you, the
Buddha, to witness our devotion. We sincerely bow to the benevolent father, the Buddha Shakyamuni. [
Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music
] [Music]
he [Music
]
[Music]
[music]